CONCEPT.md, before:

# UV index checker real-time

## Team Members
- Sabine Upnere
- Kristofers Rutmanis

## Project Description
Our app shows current UV index at your inputed location. Location is defined by longtitude and latitude. Addionally we may add also sunrise and sunset times at inputed location.

## Problem Statement
It is important to know the UV index because it shows the intensity of ultraviolet radiation from the sun and helps us understand the risk of sunburn and skin damage. Knowing the UV index allows people to take proper protective measures, such as using sunscreen or seeking shade. This helps protect health and reduces the long-term risk of skin cancer.


## API Selection
**API Name:** Free Real-time UV index API , maybe Sunset and sunrise times API

**API Documentation:** https://currentuvindex.com/api , maybe (https://sunrise-sunset.org/api#documetation).

**Why this API?** These are free APIs, that doesn't require Authentication and no strict request limits.

### 2. GitHub Repository

**Required structure for now:**

```
UV index checker/
└── CONCEPT.md
└── README.md
```

Commit message:

Enhance project description with forecast and recommendations
Updated project description to include 5-hour forecast and user recommendations based on UV index.

CONCEPT.md, after:

# UV index checker real-time

## Team Members
- Sabine Upnere
- Kristofers Rutmanis

## Project Description
Our app shows current and 5 hour forecast UV index at your inputed location. Location is defined by longtitude and latitude. Addionally we may add also sunrise and sunset times at inputed location. Based on current UV index suggest recommendations to user.

## Problem Statement
It is important to know the UV index because it shows the intensity of ultraviolet radiation from the sun and helps us understand the risk of sunburn and skin damage. Knowing the UV index allows people to take proper protective measures, such as using sunscreen or seeking shade. This helps protect health and reduces the long-term risk of skin cancer.


## API Selection
**API Name:** Free Real-time UV index API , maybe Sunset and sunrise times API

**API Documentation:** https://currentuvindex.com/api , maybe (https://sunrise-sunset.org/api#documetation).

**Why this API?** These are free APIs, that doesn't require Authentication and no strict request limits.

### 2. GitHub Repository

**Required structure for now:**

```
UV index checker/
└── CONCEPT.md
└── README.md
```
